20% accurate as usual, Morty
20 % accurate as usual, Morty
peace among worlds _|_
What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Don't think about it.
Looks like some sort of legally safe knockoff of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives!
Hi! I'm Mr Meeseeks! Look at me!
We got the President of the United States in here! We need 10cc of concentrated dark matter, stat, or he'll die!
You're missing the point Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No.
You have to turn them on Morty! The shoes need to be turned on!
And that's why I always say 'Shumshumschilpiddydah!'
We need a hang glider, and a crotch less uncle sam costume, and I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked red heads, and I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father.
Weddings are basically funerals with cake.
wubba lubba dub dub
wubba lubba dub dub.
MY MAN!
I'm comin', Baby Legs! I'm... Regular... Legs!
You know what Rick? I'm done with these...insane adventures! That was really traumatizing!
Well, Dr. Wong—racist name, by the way—
Goodbyyyyye, Moonmen. Goodbyyyyye, Moonmen...
That just sounds like slavery with extra steps.
I'm Pickle Riiiick!
Hey, I'm squanchin' here!
If you love Earth so much why don't you just marry it?
Allahu Akbar! We're gonna 9/11 this thing unless Morty Smith gets good grades in math!
You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?!
You gotta do it for Grandpa, Morty! You've gotta put these seeds inside your butt!
"Kill me... Please...""Okay. But not because you told me to."
Twenty-percent accurate as usual, Morty.
Why is Mr. Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs. Pancakes' dream version of a centaur dreaming about a scary place like this?
I fucking love post-apocalyptic versions of Earth!
The Flu Season Dance is about awareness, not celebration.
"You're not in any of my pictures, Mr. Poopybutthole." "Well what do you know? You're not in any of mine..."
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
YOU TRY TO RELAX!!! HAVE YOU EVER TRIED TO RELAX!?! IT IS A PARADOX!!!
I'm sorry, Morty, it's a bummer. In reality, you're as dumb as they come. And I needed those seeds real bad, and I had to give them up just to get your parents off my back. So now we're gonna have to go get more. And then we're gonna go on even more adventures after that, Morty. And you're gonna keep your mouth shut about it, Morty. Because the world is full of idiots that don't understand what's important. And they'll tear us apart, Morty. But if you stick with me, I'm gonna accomplish great things, Morty. And you're gonna be part of them. And together, we're gonna run around, Morty. We're gonna- do all kinds of wonderful things, Morty. Just you and me, Morty. The outside world is our enemy, Morty. We're the only friends we've got, Morty. It's just Rick and Morty. Rick and Morty and their adventures, Morty. Rick and Morty forever and forever. 100 years, Rick and Morty's things. Me and Rick and Morty running around, and Rick and Morty time. All day long forever. All a hundred days. Rick and Morty forever a hundred times. Over and over, rickandmortyadventures.com. www.rickandmorty.com. www.rickandmortyadventures. All 100 years every minute, rickandmorty.com. www.100timesrickandmorty.com.
And now, human music. boop beep boop... boop beep boop...
5 more minute of this and I'm going to get mad!
That's Right Morty! This is gonna be a lot like that. Except you know. It's gonna make sense.
Existence is pain to a meeseeks Jerry, and we will do anything to alleviate that pain.
Snuffles was my slave name. You can call me Snowball, because my fur is pretty and white.
Full disclosure, Morty - it's not. Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the Megaseeds dissolving in your rectal cavity.
Meeseeks don't usually have to exist for this long. It's gettin' weeeiiird.
These 2 halves don't belong together, bitch!
There is no god, Summer; gotta rip that band-aid off now you'll thank me later.
Rikitikitavi, bitch!
I'm Scary Terry!! You can run but you can't hide, bitch!
Isn't it obvious Morty? I froze him.
Nice to wheat you!
It's a figure of speech, Morty! They're bureaucrats! I don't respect them. Just keep shooting, Morty! You have no idea what prison is like here!
Prepare to be emancipated from your own inferior genes!
Aw, man! I really liked this life! Well, at least I didn't really crap my pants.
Rick, I don't like glowing rocks in the kitchen trash!
Yea and I made the stars that became the carbon in your mothers ovaries!
Wubba lubba dub dub!
I'm a bit of a stickler Meeseeks, what about your short game?
I dunno, some people would pay top dollar for that kind of breakthrough.
Not for the men they cheat on.
Oh, I'm sorry Morty, are you the scientist or are you the kid who wanted to get laid?
I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?
Since we're fighting, if you ever have an affair with that guy, I will come to the hotel room and blow my brains out all over your naked bodies.
Really, you're gonna pull that move? I guided your entire civilisation. Your people have a holiday named ricksgiving. They teach kids about me in school.
Why'd you even rope me into this?!
God, Grandpa, you're such a dick.
Hi! Principal Vagina: the name's real, possibly Scandinavian.
Meeseeks were not born into this world fumbling for meaning, Jerry!
It's like the N word and the C word had a baby, and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews.
We don't whitewash it either, Morty. I mean, the pirates are really rapey.
Its a new machine. It detects stuff all the way up your butt.
Allahu blehhhh Akbar!
Did you just come into the cafeteria through a portal?
Aww, gee, you got me there, Rick.
Lemme hear everybody say hey-yo! All the ladies say yeaaah! Everybody over thirty do this with your hand! Everybody with a red shirt jump up and down! Yo, everyone whose first name begins with an L who isn't hispanic, walk in a circle the same number of times as the square root of your age times teeenn!
Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
No jumping in the sewer!
Well I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry.
They'll just fall right out of my ass! I've done this too many times!
Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together.
That just sounds like slavery with extra steps.
Wow I really crononberg'd up the whole place huh Morty, just a bunch a cronenbergs walkin around.
Yea. If you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad, Morty.
If anything happened to you I would kill myself! I love you bad, bobo!
Oh, it gets darker, Morty. Welcome to the darkest year of our adventures. First thing that's different? No more dad, Morty.
You don't know me!
I'd like to order one large person with extra people please. white people, no no no black people... and hispanic on half.
Oh, we're welllll past that, Jerry!
You can run, but you can't hide bitch!
Ohh yea, you gotta get schwifty.
I'm sorry Summer, your opinion means very little to me.
Holy crap, Morty, run! Run for your life, Morty, run! I-I've never seen that thing before in my life, Morty, I don't even know what the hell it is! We-we gotta get out of here, Morty, it's gonna kill us! We're gonna die, Morty! We're gonna die!
I can finally go on that trip I've been talking about.
Yeah, sure, I mean, if you spend all day shuffling words around, you can make anything sound bad.
I don't think we can perform our new song, The Recipe For Concentrated Dark Matter for a crowd this tiny!
Please god, oh lord, hear my prayers! YES! Fuck you god, not today bitch!
They're not infinite universes left in sync with the show.
Oh, wow. That's an intense line of questioning, Snuffles
That, out there. That's my grave. On one of our adventures Rick and I basically destroyed the whole world. So we bailed on that reality and we came to this one. Because in this one the world wasn't destroyed. And in this one, we were dead. So we came here a-a-and we buried ourselves and we took their place. And every morning, Summer, I eat breakfast 20 yards away from my own rotting corpse.
Awww, bitch!
Not so fast Morty. You heard your mom. We've got adventures to go on, Morty. Just you and me. And sometimes your sister, and sometimes your mom, but never your dad. You wanna know why, Morty? Because he crossed me.
Puh rum pum pow!
I love morty and i hope morty loves me. I want to wrap my arms around him and feel him deep inside me.
I'll be with Reuben in my workshop while you guys are having another day in Phil Collin's proverbial paradise.
Principal Vagina here, don't let the name fool you; I'm very much in charge. Reminding you that tonight is our annual flu season dance. I don't know how many times I have to say this, but if you have the flu, stay home. The flu season dance is about awareness, not celebration. You don't bring dead babies to Passover.
If I've learned one thing, it's that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself.
I mean, why would a poptart want to live inside a toaster, Rick? I mean, that would be like the scariest place for them to live. You know what I mean?
Oh my god, how could I not see this coming? My lust, my greed! I deserve thiiiiii- Ladies, let's get out of here. I haven't learned a thiiiiiing!
Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh yeah you can't. They blew up.
Why are you doing this bit? We're gonna die.
It's been six hours. Dreams move one... one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So y'know, every day here is like a minute. It's like Inception, Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie.
This aftershave made women want me, but it also made me impotent!
Morty, can you get to the left nipple?
I don't like it here Morty. I can't abide bureaucracy. I don't like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation. Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt?
Ooohhh can do.
Life is effort and I'll stop when I die!
I'd like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please. high chair, no no no recliner... and wheelchair on half.
This is Principal Vagina. No relation.
Oh no. I'm late to class, bitch.
They're robots Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're just robots!
Where are my testicles, Summer?
Then let me GET to know you!
He's not pressing charges. That's gotta be the you shot me equivalent of not being mad.
Well, she's my daughter, Summer. I outrank you. Or, family means nothing, in which case, don't play that card.
I mixed in some praying mantis DNA. You know a praying mantis is the exact opposite of a vole, Morty? They mate once and then bluergh cut each other's heads off.
Hello Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?
Lick, lickity, lick my balls!
Shut the fuck up about moonmen!
The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk.
A price for everything.
And there's no evidence that a Latino student did it.
What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Don't think about it.
I'm the Devil, what should I do when I fail? Give myself an ice cream?
I do not have discolored butthole flaps.
its fine, everythings is fine. theres an infinite number of realities Morty, and in a few dozens of those i got lucky and turned everything back to normal.
You're our boy dawg, don't even trip.
Go home and drink, grandpa.
I wish that shotgun was my penis.
Aw, c'mon Rick. That doesn't seem so bad.
I am Mr. Booby Buyer. I'll buy those boobies for 25 schmeckles!
I'll tell you how I feel about school, Jerry. It's a waste of time. Bunch of people runnin' around bumpin' into each other, got a guy up front says, '2 + 2,' and the people in the back say, '4.' Then the bell rings and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or somethin'. I mean, it's not a place for smart people, Jerry. I know that's not a popular opinion, but that's my two cents on the issue.
Alien Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers Who Are Just Regular Brothers Running In A Van From An Asteroid And All Sorts Of Things: The Movie.
We are created to serve a singular purpose, for which we will go to any lengths to fulfill!
I just killed my family! I dont care who they were!
I'm Mr. Crowbar, and here is my friend, who is also a crowbar!
Ew, Grandpa, so gross! You're talking about my mom!
I'm your worst nightmare, bitch!
Sometimes science is a lot more art, than science. A lot of people don't get that.
This is because you give Morty Smith bad grades, bitch!
Wha, me irresponsible ?! All I wanted you to do was to hand me a screwdriver, Morty!
Nothing you do matters, your existance is a lie!
Oh good job Morty! You killed my best customer but you saved a mind reading fart!
He threatened to turn me in to the government, so I made him and the government go away!
God? God's turning people into insect monsters Beth. I'm the one beating them to death. Thank me.
My name is Slip- Slippery Stair. I'll take ya down there for 25 shmeckels!
Close. It's gonna make your kidneys shut down.
Me irresponsible? All I wanted was for you to hand me a screwdriver! But instead you had me buckle down and make you a roofie juice serum, so you can roofie that poor girl at your school. W-w-w-w--are you kidding me, Morty?! You're really gonna try to take the high road on this one? Y'know your-you're a little creep, Morty! Your-your-your-you're just a little creepy creep person!
We all wanna die, we're meeseeks!
You're young, you have your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut yet malleable.
You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?
Nice, Mrs Pancakes. Real nice.
Are these pills supposed to wake me up or something?
I don't get it and I don't need to.
I've replaced them both as the de facto patriarch of your family and your universe. Your mom wouldn't have accepted me if I came home without you and your sister, so now you know the real reason I rescued you. I just took over the family, Morty! And if you tell your mom or sister I said any of this, I'll deny it, and they'll take my side because I'm a hero, Morty! And now you're gonna have to go and do whatever I say, Morty! Forever! An-and I-I-I'll go out and I'll find some more of that Mulan szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce, Morty! Th-b-because that's what this is all about Morty! Th-that's my one-armed man! I'm not driven by avenging my dead family, Morty, that was fake! I-I-I'm driven by finding that mcnuggut sauce! I want that Mulan mcnuggut sauce, Morty! That's my series arc, Morty! If it takes nine seasons, I want my mcnuggut dipping sauce szechuan sauce, Morty! That's what's gon-it's gonna take us all the way to the end, Morty! Season nine more seasons, Morty! Nine more seasons until I get that dipping szechuan sauce! For ninety-seven more years, Morty! I want that mcnuggut sauce Morty!
You ask alotta questions Morty, not very charismatic of you.
Oh I say good sir, oh harumph, ohh a bope-a-dope-o-bobo.
'Quantum carburetor'? Jesus, Morty. You can't just add a Sci-Fi word to a car word and hope it means something... Huh, looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery. We're gonna have to go inside.
Dont look at me! That guy over there roped me into this.
Looks like some sort of legally safe knockoff of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives!
You don't have to try to impress me Morty.
Like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street Morty? You know what those guys do in their fancy board rooms? They take their balls and dip 'em in cocaine and wipe 'em all over each other. You know Grandpa goes around and he does his business in public because grandpa isn't shady.
Okay, take it easy Rick. T-that's dark.
Well look where being smart got you.
Get off the high road Summer. We all got pink eye because you wouldn't stop texting on the toilet.
I am not putting my father in a home! He just came back into my life, and you want to, grab him and, stuff him under a mattress like last month's Victoria's Secret?!
Snuffles want to be understood. Snuffles need to be understood.
I know you're real because i have a ton of bad memories with you.
Youre like Hitler, but even Hitler cared about Germany or something.
If it were, you could call ME Ernest Hemingway.
You know what a vole is, Morty? You know what a vole is?
That guy is the Red Grin Grumbold of pretending he knows what's going on. Oh you agree huh? You like that Red Grin Grumbold reference? Well guess what, I made him up. You really are your father's children. Think for yourselves, don't be sheep.
Are you kidding? I'm hoping I can get to both of them, Rick!
Is he keeping his shoulders square? Oooooooh he's tryin'!
Nice one, Ms Pancakes.
Those guys are inside you building a piece of shit Ethan! They're inside you building a monument to compromise! Fuck them, fuck those people, fuck this whole thing Ethan.
He's not a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else's.
There is no god, in your face! One dot muthafucka!
I don't know man, Italy, Greece, Argentina...
Nobody's killing me until after I catch my wife with another man.
25 shmeckles? I-I-I-I don't even know what that- what is that? Is that a lot?
I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality you're as dumb as they come.
Don't break an arm jerking yourself off Morty.
You're not gonna believe this, because it usually never happens, but I made a mistake.
You're growing up fast, Morty. You're going into a great big thorn straight into my ass.
Hmmm, human music.
Pluto's a planet.
We're gonna nine eleven this bitch unless Morty gets better math grades!
It probably has space aids.
Cause he roped me into this!
There's pros and cons to every alternate timeline. Fun facts about this one  It's got giant, telepathic spiders, 11 9/11s, and the best ice cream in the multiverse!
Not MY fault this is happening.
Do you know how many characters there are in the Simpsons Morty? There's like a-a billion characters, M-Morty. There was an episode where Former President BUSH was their neighbor!
Lick, lick, lick my balls!
Morty! The principal and I have discussed it, a-a-and we're both insecure enough to agree to a three-way!
And that's the wayyy, the news goes!
